[Music]
experience the future of storage with
the intel SSD 750 series delivering
uncompromised performance with nvm
Express and pcie 3.0 click now to learn
how you can win one free from Intel and
PC perspective everybody welcome to PC
perspective I'm Ryan shroud today we are
going to talk about another new nuke
device from Intel this is the nook v i7
ryh this is the fifth generation
processor so we got the broad work
Broadwell core in there is a Core i7
processor and it has the H at the end
meaning that we have the taller variant
that supports a two and a half inch hard
drive installation now if you look at
the physical characteristics of this
particular look it's going to
essentially be the same as the previous
generation as well as the smaller
Broadwell I 5 based device that we
looked at earlier in this year this
model it still has 4 USB 3.0 ports I'm
sorry that's 2 USB 3.0 and 2 USB 2.0 it
has HDMI 1.4 a mini DisplayPort
Intel's Gigabit Ethernet connectivity as
well as an audio jack on the front now
what's interesting about this particular
unit is that it is Core i7 based it is
the core i7 55 57 u so it is still a
dual core hyper threaded part but it has
significantly higher clock speeds than
the previous Nook that we looked at for
example the base clock on this model is
3.1 gigahertz compare that to the base
clock of 1.6 gigahertz on the core i5
model that's a huge difference and even
if you look at turbo speeds this will go
up to 3.4 the previous model only went
up to 2.7 now you pay on the TDP area
for that this has a TDP the processor
itself I should say has a TDP of 28
watts compared to 15 watts of the core
i5
50 to 50 you which was the Broadwell
part found in the previous Nook that we
took a look at now the result of all
this is drastically improved performance
in a lot of areas first and foremost
this processor actually has Intel iris
graphics in it the iris 6100 compare
that to the HD 5500 in the previous nook
that we looked at that gives you some
significant gains in terms of you know
mainstream gaming performance we
the counter-strike go we saw 65%
improvement in performance they're
running at 1080p maximum settings grid 2
we install a 37% improvement in
performance and in League of Legends we
saw a 36% performance improvement again
all of those games running at 1080p
resolutions so even though I don't think
anybody would call this a gaming
powerhouse system if you're looking at
mainstream gaming like those titles and
some others obviously world of warcraft
would be in that group a lot of other
games will fall in that this device with
the upgraded GPU portion on it is going
to be able to handle that CPU wise
you're looking at pretty much a 35 to 40
percent improvement across the board in
multi-threaded applications or in
synthetic workloads sighs Sam sighs
laughs Android we saw a 36% improvement
at CPU score 36 percent improvement in
multimedia score Cinebench 11 which is
kind of like our rendering
multi-threaded application tests like
35% gain with the new core i7 variants
of the Nook and single federal
performance it was about 5% so that
gives you an idea of kind of what that
range will be and for encoding purposes
hand brank results on this machine were
35 percent faster like I said it was
pretty consistent in terms of what that
differences
the other interesting performance part
is here along with the device they Intel
actually sent us a Samsung SSD the PM
951 PCI Express nvme SSD now this is
actually interesting because this marks
one of the only other devices we have
seen with proper nvme support the Nook v
i7 ryh supports it with an updated bios
and actually all the current generation
all the broader looks should support
nvme m dot 2 SSDs
with the the same BIOS update so if you
already have one of these devices or
you're looking at buying one you don't
necessarily want the higher-end CPU
performance you can still buy one and
implement an nvme SSD now the benefit of
nvme SSDs which we've talked about many
times in terms of intel's own SSD 750
series we've got lots of stories and
videos on that for you to check out but
this is going to get you about 2.2
gigabytes per second in read speed and
1.2 gigabytes per second in write speed
so in terms of bottlenecks for this
system if you're using an nvme SSD
storage will not be a concern there now
you can still run regular PCIe SSD Zoar
SATA based SSDs in that same m2 slot on
this device so if you're looking to save
money you don't need that kind of
storage performance you don't have to
take advantage of that if you don't want
to now I don't have exact pricing on
this model yet but it is going to be
more expensive than anything else we
have seen in the Nook market if you only
even if you just look at the box pricing
on the processor the core i7 55:57 you
has a box price of 426 dollars that's
kind of like if you could buy that
processor individually compare that to
the 50 to 50 you that was in the
lower-cost Broadwell Noack we reviewed
earlier in the year and that's three
hundred fifteen dollars you're talking
about another 100 $120 price difference
going from that model milk to this one
that's going to be faster it's gonna
have a lot better performance in both
CPU and graphics based applications it
does support a hard drive in there too
but you can get the core i5 variant in a
h-series model if you will that supports
hard drives other things about the Nook
it is a bare-bones system you have to
buy your own memory you have to buy your
storage device but that's pretty much it
Wireless is now embedded on this 802 11
AC courtesy of an Intel controller
customization wise you don't get a whole
lot more than that in terms of
flexibility they still are are you know
promoting the removable lid here which
you know you could you know a reader
made this force on a 3d printer or a PC
perspective logo that we put on our
nukes that we use in ServiceNow so
that's pretty cool there may be some
other options coming out soon that maybe
add NFC to it or other functionality up
to the top of the device but really
haven't seen much in the way of that yet
that's more of a maybe happening into
the future type of device so the the new
Nook v i7 ryh sorry I have to make sure
I get all of those alphanumeric
characters out there for you in the
right order is it really it's really
compelling device in terms of getting
the most possible performance in what is
really a very small form factor right
you still have room for
maybe you get a 256 gig or 512 gig nvme
PCI Express SSD you know with insane
storage capability that's insane storage
speed but then you still have room for
two and a half inch hard drive maybe you
get a one or a two terabyte drive for
the kind of longer-term storage that
doesn't need to be as fast but then you
still get all the performance that we
talked about before anywhere from you
know thirty to forty to fifty percent
faster CPU scores and gaming scores
pretty much across the board compared to
other note platforms so check out PC
part comm we'll have the full review
will have some benchmark graphs for you
to check out if you're interested in
more information in regards to that and
we'll try to get updated information on
the pricing for you
as well thanks for watching